feat: Allow `Choice`'s `OptionList` to be a mapping of values → pretty labels (#395)
wayfair-incubator/columbo: docs/usage-guide/interactions.md

In addition to the arguments [mentioned above](#all-questions), `Choice` also accepts the following argument.

> * `options`: The set of possible values the user can choose from. This can be provided as a list of strings, or as
>     a `Mapping[str, str]` where the mapping's key is what is recorded as the answer, and the mapping's
>     value is what is displayed to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `options`: The set of possible values the user can choose from. This can be provided as a list of strings, or as
    a mapping of string to string where the key is what is recorded as the answer, and the 
    value is what is displayed to the user.
```
Some phrasing clean up and to be consistent with using English instead of the Python typing syntax.
